URL: https://www.jaihindcollege.com/alumni/
TITLE: Alumni | Jai Hind College

The Alumni Association of Jai Hind College is registered as a separate entity & is governed by a committee comprising of a Managing Board member, Principal, Management representative & illustrious Alumni. The committee is headed by the President & the composition of the committee can be changed periodically. The day to day functioning is taken care of by the Secretary of the Association. 
The main objective of the Alumni Association is to support the growth & development of the institution by raising funds , building a corpus & being a partner in the journey of excellence.
The Alumni Association plays a pivotal role in fostering a strong bond between the institution and its graduates. With a wide range of activities, the association ensures that the alumni remain connected to their alma mater and contribute to its growth and development. One of the most anticipated events organized by the association is the Annual Alumni Reunion, which brings together graduates from different batches, creating a platform for networking and reminiscing about their college days. Jai Hind College is beaming with pride as we celebrate 75 years of nurturing minds and shaping futures.To honor this special occasion, we hosted our largest annual alumni meet, a heartwarming gathering of Jai Hindites from all walks of life. It was a joyous celebration of our shared history, filled with stories of success and camaraderie. This event rekindled old friendships and inspired new dreams, reflecting the enduring spirit of our beloved college. 
**The New Dynamic Alumni Core Committee, who were the ones behind this event:**
Mr Vikram Nankani – President (India’s leading advocate in the High Court & Supreme Court.) Dr Vijay Dabholkar – Principal Ms Mala Advani – Member Managing Board Mr Jay Makhijani – Leading businessman dealing in luxury brands , event & hospitality management. Mr Ravi Khubchandani – Leading a successful construction business Ms Jyoti Thakur – Executive Coordinator Managing Board
The very popular Newsletter of the Alumni Association titled “Circle of Friendship ” is released digitally to the entire global database of Alumni as a quarterly magazine. The Newsletter has completed five successful years of its journey & the readership is scaling new heights.
