URL: https://www.jaihindcollege.com/collaborations/
TITLE: Collaborations | Jai Hind College

:Jai Hind College (Autonomous) has a tie-up with the University of the Fraser Valley, British Columbia, Canada. The University of the Fraser Valley (UFV) is an accredited public Canadian University and is a member of AUCC (Association of Universities and Colleges of Canada). Also, UFV was ranked as the top public university in British Columbia for quality teaching, best student-faculty interaction and best career preparation.
Carleton University’s Canada-India Centre and Jai Hind College to offer joint certification programs in International Relations, Cybersecurity, Business Management, Data Analytics, Entrepreneurship and Faculty Exchange opportunity.
is Japan’s first genuinely international university. Our College has signed an MoU with the University to provide opportunities to our students for further studies after completion of graduation. The MoU is an endeavour to contribute to development of human resource and in commitment to achievement of sustainable growth in the region.
On 27th March, 2019 a group of Stanford undergraduate students visited Jai Hind College as part of their trip to Mumbai, on special initiative by our Principal, Dr Ashok Wadia.
Sumitomo Corp. is a Japanese corporation that gives academic scholarships to a selected few college in India, Jai Hind College being one of them. They award a scholarship of Rs.20,000/- each to a total of 30 students of Degree college (aided & unaided sections). The forms of applicants are scrutinised and based on consistent academic performance students are short-listed. The short-listed applicants are then interviewed by Sumitomo Corp. representatives and 30 students are finally selected. These students are felicitated on Achievers’ Nite
Jai Hind College and AAS are associated by an MoU for our International Relations Course
NASSCOM a not-for-profit industry association, is the apex body for the $227 billion dollar IT BPM industry in India, an industry that had made a phenomenal contribution to India’s GDP, exports, employment, infrastructure and global visibility. In India, this industry provides the highest employment in the private sector. Established in 1988 and ever since, NASSCOM‟s relentless pursuit has been to constantly support the IT BPM industry, in the latter‟s continued journey towards seeking trust and respect from varied stakeholders, even as it reorients itself time and again to remain innovative, without ever losing its humane and friendly touch. NASSCOM is focused on building the architecture integral to the development of the IT BPM sector through policy advocacy, and help in setting up the strategic direction for the sector to unleash its potential and dominate newer frontiers. NASSCOM‟s members, 3000+, constitute 90% of the industry‟s revenue and have enabled the association to spearhead initiatives at local, national and global levels. In turn, the IT BPM industry has gained recognition as a global powerhouse. For our Bachelor of Vocational Education-Software Development, we have MoU with THSC for NSQF alignments, curriculum value addition and certifications.
A purpose-led organization that is building a meaningful future through innovation, technology, and collective knowledge. A part of the Tata group, India’s largest multinational business group, TCS has over 500,000 of the world‟s best-trained consultants in 46 countries. The company generated consolidated revenues of US $22.2 billion in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, and is listed on the BSE (formerly Bombay Stock Exchange) and the NSE (National Stock Exchange) in India. TCS’ proactive stance on climate change and award-winning work with communities across the world have earned it a place in leading sustainability indices such as the MSCI Global Sustainability Index and the FTSE4Good Emerging Index. Our Collaboration with TCS is on our Programs such as MSc Big Data and Bachelor of Business Administration.
This MoU is to lay down the collaboration avenues between Atal Incubation Centre – Rambhau Mhalgi Prabodhini (AIC-RMP) and Jai Hind College (Autonomous) Incubator and Accelerator Centre. Both parties shall work on co- creation model so that entrepreneurs (student & alumni body) can be created & supported. The selected students / alumni will get access to infrastructure, expertise, networks and entrepreneurship ecosystem of the Parties on specific approval basis. Organization of workshops, networking events, & conferences; exchange visits for entrepreneurs and mentors involved with specific Program/s. Mentoring, industry expertise, and investors networks to the extent possible. Early feedback/ adoption of the start-up solution as end user/s‟. Both incubation centres can exchange talent and infrastructure resource (only on the basis of approval). Incubatees and pre-incubatees of both centres will have access to workshops, programs, conferences, seminars etc. organized by both centres individually and jointly.
The IRM is the leading professional body for Enterprise Risk Management. IRM helps build excellence in risk management to improve the way organisations work. They provide globally recognised qualifications and training, publish research and thought leadership and set professional standards, which define the knowledge, skills and behaviours today’s risk professionals need to meet the demands of an increasingly complex and challenging business environment. IRM members work in many roles, in all industries and across the public, private and not-for-profit sectors around the world. Jai Hind College has partnered with the Institute of Risk Management – India Affiliate to create opportunities for undergraduate students to pursue IRM’s professional examinations. (Only for level 1) IRM, the world leader in enterprise risk management examinations, provides an ideal pathway (Level 1 to Level 5) for becoming a risk intelligent leader / certified fellow and chief risk officer, recognized across the globe in 143 countries.
Wadhwani Foundation is a not-for-profit with the primary mission of accelerating economic development by driving job creation through large-scale initiatives in entrepreneurship, small business growth, innovation, and skilling. Founded in 2000 by Silicon Valley entrepreneur Dr Romesh Wadhwani, today, the Foundation is scaling impact in 20 countries across Asia, Africa, Latin America, and the US. The Wadhwani Foundation works in partnership with governments, foundations, corporations, and educational institutes through the below Initiatives: Wadhwani Advantage: Empowers thousands of small and medium size businesses with capabilities to maximize their growth potential. Wadhwani Entrepreneur: Inspires, educates and enables tens of thousands of start- up entrepreneurs. Wadhwani Inspire: Establishes a culture of entrepreneurship at a national level. Wadhwani NEN: Empowers professionals, post-college, college and pre-college students with knowledge and skills to create high-potential start-ups. Wadhwani Venture Fastrack (VFT): Empowers entrepreneurs and incubators to build successful and scalable start-ups. Wadhwani Opportunity: Empowers millions of students with core skills/soft skills to improve employability and higher wages. Wadhwani Institute of Technology and Policy (WITP): Leverages emerging technology for well-informed policy formulation, implementation, and outcomes/impact measurement. www.jaihindcollege.com 112 Wadhwani Community College: US-based platform and programs for enabling digital transformation of Community Colleges to skill and place 1M students in jobs of the future. Wadhwani Institute for Digital Public Health (Vision): US-based, global platform for enabling digital transformation of public health organizations and programs to improve their speed, scale, impact to improve the lives of hundreds of millions. Wadhwani Charitable Foundation funds Initiatives in Biotechnology (Wadhwani Research Centre for Biotechnology at IITB), US-India Business Policies (Wadhwani Chair at CSIS), Electronics Education (Wadhwani Electronics Laboratory at IITB), and Job Creation (Wadhwani Catalyst). Our College Entrepreneurship cell and BMS team has been associated with the foundation in the best interest of the institution, MOU signed with Wadhwani Foundation to launch Foundational Course in Entrepreneurship. Students will develop an entrepreneurial mindset through this course program.. The course journey includes ideation to a prototype and early customers.
is a Not-for-Profit Organization, registered under the Societies Registration Act, 1860, promoted by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) with inclusive representation of the Government, Industry, Industry Associations and Training Institutes across India. Formed by the Industry and for the industry to tackle the skilling of large manpower to fulfil the industry requirements, THSC plays a crucial role in bridging this ever-growing gap. We have a mandate to create a robust and sustainable eco-system for skill development in the industry, catering to all the sub sectors of the industry, namely, Hotels, Tour Operators, Food Service Restaurants, Facilities Management and Cruise Liners. For our Bachelor of Vocational Education-Travel and Tourism Management, we have MoU with THSC for NSQF alignments, curriculum value addition and certifications.
is an independent global think tank based in Delhi, India. The foundation has three centres in Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata. ORF provides potentially viable inputs for policy and decision-makers in the Indian Government and to the political and business communities of India. Propelled by the process of reforms initiated in the 1990s, ORF, over the past 30 years of its existence, has effectively narrated and participated in India‟s story as the country has acquired an unmistakable global footprint. From primarily looking inward and engaging with domestic reforms, to gradually forging global partnerships, ORF today plays a seminal role in building political and policy consensus that enables India to interact with the world. ORF helps discover and inform India‟s choices. It carries Indian voices and ideas to forums shaping global debates. It provides non-partisan, independent, well-researched analyses and inputs to diverse decision- makers in governments, business communities, and academia and to civil society around the world. The mandate undertaken by them is to conduct in-depth research, provide inclusive platforms and invest in tomorrow‟s thought leaders today. ORF has been associated with us for last eight years on our International Relations Course.
The NMF was accordingly established, in 2005, as the nation‟s first maritime think-tank for the conduct of independent and policy- relevant research on all „matters maritime‟. It is a policy-relevant research organisation of acknowledged excellence that would not only undertake serious, cutting-edge maritime research of its own but would also provide a common platform for advocacy, discourse, and debate, between maritime-related national and international institutions, organisations, and academic establishments, as also reputed and renowned individuals, professionals, and practitioners the world over. Jai Hind College and NMF are associated by an MoU for our International Relations Course.
is the leading integrated travel services company in the country offering a broad spectrum of services that include Foreign Exchange, Corporate Travel, MICE, Leisure Travel, Value Added Services, Visa & Passport services and E-Business. The company set up its first office in India in 1881. TCIL has been felicitated with The Best Travel Agency – India at TTG Travel Awards 2019, The Best Outbound Tour Operator at the Times Travel Awards 2018 & 2019 and Leading Company with Cutting Edge Travel Innovation at the Times, Silver award for Asia’s Best Integrated Report (First Time) category at the Asia Sustainability Reporting Awards, Best Risk Management-Framework & Systems at the India Risk Management Awards 2019; Best Cash Management Solution – India at the Asset Triple A Treasury, Trade, Supply Chain & Risk Management Awards 2018, Best Outbound Tour Operator at the SATTE awards 2019, Excellence in Domestic Tour Operations at the SATTE Awards 2018, The French Ambassador‟s Award for Exemplary Achievements in Visa Issuance – 2015 to 2019 and the Condé Nast Traveller – Readers‟ Travel Awards from 2011 to 2019. Our partnership with Thomas cook is to enhance and hone the students‟ skills for the Tourism Industry and provide internships and placements opportunities to our students.
LLP Jai Hind College has recently signed an MoU with LCGC Chrom Consumables LLP on the 27th of May, 2022. Such a collaboration will help bridge the gap between Industry-Academia making students more employable and career-ready with the right skill-sets. Initially for a period of 2 years, the MoU aims at providing training to both under-graduate and postgraduate students on cutting-edge technology in the field of science through internships/workshops/seminars/lecture series conducted with the expertise of LCGC, pioneers in the field of chromatography and other techniques related to separation and purification of molecules.
In 2021-22 Bank of Baroda came forward to offer a scholarship, known as the “Baroda Achiever” Award to deserving students of our college. Purpose of the scholarship is felicitation of students who excelled in academics, co- curricular activities as well as sports .
ASSOCIATIONS FOR THE YEAR 2021-22 – GLOBAL ENTREPRENEURSHIP SUMMIT HELD AT JAI HIND COLLEGE


