URL: https://www.jaihindcollege.com/legacy/
TITLE: Legacy | Jai Hind College

Jai Hind College, Empowered Autonomous, Mumbai, has a history spanning several years since it’s inception in 1948. Soon after the Indian Independence, a group of visionary professors of D.J. Sind College, Karachi, and other eminent educationists founded Jai Hind College under the registered name of ‘Sind Educationists’ Association’ primarily for the educational rehabilitation of the Sindhi community. Their goal was to contribute their expertise, knowledge, and skills in order to set up an educational institution par excellence.
From a humble Arts college, Jai Hind College soon diversified into Science in 1949, followed by Commerce in 1980. Post 2000, several Self-financed and Vocational Programs were introduced to improve employability of students, such as Bachelor of Management Studies (BMS), Bachelor of Mass Media (BMM), Bachelor of Accounting and Finance (BAF), Bachelor of Banking and Insurance (BBI), Bachelor of Financial Market (BFM) and, Bachelor of Vocational Studies in Travel & Tourism Management (B. Voc. TTM) and Software Development (B. Voc. SD).Programs such as Bachelor of Digital Strategy (BDS) , Master of Science in Big Data Analytics and Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA) in collaboration with TCS as the Industry partner,Bachelor In International Accounting (BIA) And Bachelor In Actuarial Science And Quantitative Finance (BAQF) were recently introduced. Inclusion of such Industry aligned Programs are periodically assessed based on feedback from all stakeholders to help align academics with current market demands.
Our notable alumni, such as Mr. Sunil Dutt,Mr.Piyush Goyal,Ms.Supriya Sule,Dr.Raghunath Mashelkar,Mr.Vikram Nankani,Mr Ajay Piramal, Ms Priyanka Chopra Jonas, Mr. John Abraham ,Mr. Vishal Dadlani, Mr.Shaan and many others began their illustrious journeys at Jai Hind College, proving that students can achieve national and global recognition with our foundation.
The Union Ministry of HRD and the University of Mumbai conferred on us the prestigious Empowered Autonomous Status for a period of ten years from the academic year 2023-24.
Over the years , Jai Hind College has empowered students to achieve their dreams while staying true to the value systems of the Founding Fathers.
